          COPY           command                               PAGE  C9
          -------------------------------------------------------------
 
          Format       COPY start line-end line,new start line,increment
 
          Description
 
          The COPY command is used to copy a program line or block of
          program lines to any other location in the program. The COPY
          does not affect the original lines and leaves them intact.
           The block to be copied is defined by start line and end line.
          If either of these numbers are omitted, the defaults are the
          first program line and the last program line. However, at least
          one number and a dash must be entered (both can't be omitted),
          and there must be at least one valid program line between start
          line and end line. To copy one line enter it as both the start
          line and end line number. If any of the above conditions are
          not met, a Bad Line Number Error will result.
           The new start line number defines the new line number of the
          first line in the block to be copied. This number must be
          entered. There is no default. The increment defines the line
          number spacing of the copied lines and may be omitted. The
          default is 10.There must be sufficient space in the program          
          for the copied segment to fit between new start line number 
          and the next program line following the location where the                       
          block will be moved. If not, a Bad Line Number Error message
          is reported. This problem can be corrected by using a smaller 
          increment, or by using RES to open up space for the segment. 
          A Bad Line Number Error also results if the copying process 
          would result in a line number higher than 32767.
           The COPY routine does not change any program references to
          the copied lines. It is an exact copy of the source lines
          with new line numbers. A check for sufficient memory space
          is made before each line is copied. If space is not available
          the copying process is halted than Memory Full Error reported.
           Before the first line is copied, any open files are closed
          and all variables are lost.
