          HEX            subprogram                            PAGE  H2
          -------------------------------------------------------------
 
          Format         CALL HEX(string-variable,numeric-variable[,...
                         ])
 
                         CALL HEX(numeric-variable,string-variable[,...
                         ])
 
          Description
 
          The HEX subprogram converts Decimal to Hexadecimal or from
          Hexadecimal to Decimal. If a number or numeric-variable is
          first, HEX will convert the Decimal floating point value
          (Rounded off) to a four character sting and puts the string
          into the string-variable. If a string or string-variable is
          first, HEX will convert the String into a Decimal integer and
          put it into the numeric-variable. A numeric-variable or
          number ranges from -32768 to 32767 or the Hexadecimal
          equivalent of >8000 to >7FFF. The > is not used in HEX.
           When a string or string-variable is null (length of zero)
          the numeric-variable will contain 0. The opposite is if a
          number or numeric-variable is 0 then the string-variable will
          contain a length of four and a value of >0000. Any time a
          string-variable is second it will be cleared before being
          assigned a new string value. All strings in HEX must be
          right justified or are returned as right justified, thus each
          string will be padded with zeros.
           HEX will only use the first four characters of a string to
          convert the value, it will ignore the rest of the string.
           Errors will result if a string contains characters other
          then 0-9 and A-F or a-f. Errors will result if a number is
          less than -32768 or larger than 32767. HEX runs from ROM.
           HEX subroutine in RXB is for Assembly mostly but is usefull
          for new RXB routines like VDPSTACK or PRAM or EXECUTE.
          HEX runs from ROM.
